You are really a God of War expert
Get up, if he is the god of war
Lao Tzu is the saint
How dare you be presumptuous in front of the God of War?
You dare to hit me if you dare to be presumptuous again
I don't mind killing you now.
Is it really the god of war?
Long time no see old friend
Are you acting and playing here?
Ignorant stuff
Don't you know that the God of War is supreme
Kill the enemy with one arrow for the common people
Jiangshan Design Baolimin
Are all nine heavens and ten places exclusive?
You walk-ins are still trying to lie to me
I really pretend that Mr. Xu has never seen the world
Besides, so what if you're a god of war?
I have to die here today
Then wait for Lin Fan to come over.
Today, I will also settle my grievances with him.
Not dead yet
Then you just wait to be torn to pieces
Did you bring it?
I have asked Jiang Zhenhai to bring people here
On the way hum
Jiang Zhenhai actually listened to you, you trash
Fortunately, I had the foresight.
He defected to Mr. Lin
foresight
I think it's a dead end